Good morning.
I cannot tell you how
excited I am to be here,
giving you guys some information
and some demos about Teams.
Teams is something brand new for Apple,
and it's going to be an
amazing presentation.
For those of you who were at the server
overview where we first introduced Teams,
you're going to hear a little bit more of
the information that I already gave you,
but we're going to spend
a lot of time on the demo,
so you can really see all
the functionality that we've
built into this product.
Like I said, Teams is something new,
so I want to give you a little bit of
context about the problem that we're
trying to solve with this product.
The context comes from asking a question.
The question is,
how are you guys working?
You get into work, it's Monday,
you're having your coffee,
you sit down at your computer,
and you've got all these dizzying
array of applications that are
begging for your attention.
You need these applications
to get your job done,
and you're creating information
with all of these applications.
You've got Spotlight,
where you're finding stuff on
your hard drive all the time,
easily.
You've got iCal,
which is suddenly much more interesting,
now that we have iCal Server.
iCal, obviously, is your meetings,
your day,
the people that you interact with.
You've got Mail, which, like Steve said,
is your day.
Like Steve said in the keynote,
he lives in it, and I live in Mail.
There's a huge amount of organizational
information inside of Mail,
and people use it in a
lot of different ways.
I was working with my kids' school on
this huge network infrastructure to get
homework from school to home and back.
I'm like, "Why don't they just mail it
to each other?" They're like,
"Oh, yeah,
I guess we don't need those servers
and all those things." Anyway,
the point is that Mail is being
used for a lot of different things.
There's a huge amount
of information in there.
You search Mail all the time.
You're like,
"Didn't I have a conversation
with Bob about this and da-da-da?"
You're using Mail a lot for that.
You've got Safari, which is your means of
gathering information,
surfing the web.
Then you've got iChat,
which is your means of talking with
all these people that you work with,
making decisions.
My phone doesn't ring at Apple anymore
because I have Mail and I have iChat,
and that's really how we work,
is a lot of those applications.
Teams isn't replacing any of these.
The question is, well, the game is,
at business at least,
isn't actually how you work.
It's how all of you work.
It's great that you've got this great
set of applications available to you
that are easy to use and all this stuff,
but the fact of the matter is
somebody else in your group,
in your work group,
in your business has information,
wants some information
that's on your computer,
and they can't get to it
because it's your computer.
So what Teams is,
what we're trying to do here is create a
space to share all the information that
you want for the rest of the company.
We want to make it really,
really easy to use.
So that's Teams.
So let's talk a little bit about the
functionality and then let's just
get to the demo because that's really
what is compelling about this Teams.
Teams is an application
in a set of services.
The application is a Cocoa application
called Teams Directory.
It has two roles and
it serves two people.
The first role is a directory viewer.
You've got information
sitting inside your directory.
You want to go find that person,
that group, that map, whatever.
And then it's also a
means of generating teams,
groups of people,
as well as the services behind it.
Again,
I said there was two different people
that Teams Directory is serving.
There's a person who
just wants to get in,
get out, find a piece of information.
And then there's a person who's actually
managing organizational infrastructure.
And this came out of our
design around iCal Server.
This is the person who
needs to create maps.
needs to create a projector.
And we're not going to inflict
Workgroup Manager on them,
right?
They need something a
little bit easier to use.
It's a great tool, Workgroup Manager,
but it's obviously a power user tool,
right?
So like I said,
it also allows you to create
these groups and services.
The services are all web-based.
It's going to be the best
Wiki that you've ever seen.
It's Weblog,
which is very similar to a Wiki,
and we'll talk about that
in a little bit more.
It's web-based calendaring,
which you're asking about
in the feedback session,
and shared contacts.
So like I said,
it's much more interesting to see a demo,
so I'd like to bring John Anderson up.
works at a company called Bazookle
[Transcript missing]
Okay, so John, can you tell us a little
bit about what Bazooka does?
Yeah, actually.
So at Bazooka we facilitate
collaboration through
peer-to-peer AJAX social networks.
[Transcript missing]
So, can you maybe tell us a little
bit about how Bazooka was working
before you started using Teams?
Sure.
So, I mean, as you know, as a dot-com,
we're going through
employees quite a bit,
a lot of turnaround.
And what we were doing before was
we were making Word docs and we
were passing them around via email,
renaming them to try and get
some semblance of versioning.
So every time somebody
made a spelling change,
they were emailing out a new version of
the document to everybody in the company.
And so, as you can imagine,
we had this proliferation of all
these different Word files and
Excel files and stuff like that
that are all over the place.
No organization whatsoever.
Right.
So, maybe we can go ahead and bring
up the homepage and you give us,
this is the Teams homepage,
give us a little bit of, you know,
It's very white.
Okay.
So you can see our Teams.
Go ahead.
You can see our Teams home page here.
And you can see actually some of
the ways in which we've organized
things now that we have Teams.
And basically what's happening here
is instead of having these Word files
being distributed around the company,
everything's coming in via Wiki and
everything's in one place and you
have versioning for everything.
So wait a minute.
I guess you are doing a lot of hiring
because I just saw that the live --
the About Us page just updated there.
So maybe we can go look at that and
actually see what happened there.
All right.
So I'm going to click
on About Us over here.
And you can see some of the people
that are founders in this company.
And I'm kind of curious,
somebody marked it as hot,
and I'm curious what other
kind of changes they've made.
And so what I'm going to do over
here is look at the page history.
So if I click on history,
then I can see basically
all the comments,
all of the essence of what's been
changed in all these different versions.
But I can also click on any of these and
see the old version as it existed before.
I'm going to go back out of history.
And now what I'm going to do is I'm
actually going to edit the page.
It turns out we actually recently
discovered that Bob Stevenson is
actually Nathan Hanner's evil twin.
So we've eliminated him.
And so I'm going to edit this page.
And this is really cool.
So I'm looking at the page now.
If I want to edit it,
all I have to do is click
on this pencil icon.
And you can see the page
is now in edit mode.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Do that again.
I want to see that again.
That's totally cool.
All right.
I'll click Done.
I'm out of edit mode.
And now I'm in edit mode.
So all I have to do here is
just get rid of Bob Stevenson.
And get rid of his picture as well.
So at this point he's gone.
Now of course,
since we're missing a founder now,
I've been retroactively
promoted to become a founder.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going
to insert my picture and I'm going
to insert my name in the list here.
And you can see how easy it is.
Now if anybody's used
Wikipedia or MediaWiki,
UseMod, anything like that,
you know that inserting an image or
attaching something to a page is a pain.
I mean, it's something where you have to
upload something to an FTP server,
perhaps, or an AFP server,
and know somehow what the URL of it is,
and then use some sort of a weird UseMod
mockup to put that URL in the page.
And in this case, it's a lot simpler.
So all I have to do is
click on the Image button,
and then I pick a file
on my local machine.
So in this case,
I'll pick the picture of me.
I hit Insert.
And the picture is
right there on the page.
So piece of cake.
The other thing I'm going
to do here is add my name.
I'll make that bold,
do some formatting here.
Okay,
so that's actually going and existing
and editing an existing page,
but let's obviously want
to create content as well.
So let's go in and maybe explore
some of the content creation tools,
additional ones.
Okay, so the thing I actually want to
do here is create some new content
with a bio from myself in here,
which surprisingly enough
I don't have in the system yet.
So all I have to do is
click on the link button.
And you notice my name's
already highlighted,
so I'll just hit link.
Now it's going to do a search to see if
there's any pages that match that string.
It's also looking to see if there's
any pages that are related to this one,
ones with the same tags.
And it gives me a list of all the
pages I've looked at recently.
The idea being that if I'm
going to link to something,
I've probably seen it in the last, say,
10 or 20 pages.
In this case,
we're actually linking to a new page,
so I'm just going to click on New Page.
And my highlighted text
shows up automatically,
so I just hit Create.
And you'll notice up here
it says Page Created,
so it's made a page for me in the system.
And I'm still in edit mode,
so I can keep adding more links,
adding more text, whatever I want to do.
In this case, I'm done.
So I'll just say, comment here,
promoting myself.
Removing evil twin.
So I'm done with this page.
And one thing I'll get into as an
aside is I've never left this page.
So as you're going through a
wiki page or editing things,
you're usually doing previews,
and all of a sudden your
browser history is meaningless.
And in this case,
I've stayed on this page the whole time,
which is really nice.
So I'll just click on my name here.
And you can see that there's a new
page created with my name on it.
So I'm just going to edit this.
I have some text already in here,
I think.
I can highlight this text and copy it
and paste it into the WYSIWYG field here.
[Transcript missing]
So, I'm going to go to my
file and hit attach.
And there's my attachment.
When we save,
that turns into a link to my vCard file.
So it's right in line
with the rest of the text.
So let's show them a little bit
more of the cutting and pasting,
because I think it's really one
of the powerful features of Teams.
So you can cut and
paste from any web page,
right?
Yes.
Yeah.
So let's go ahead and try another page
with maybe some richer content on there.
OK.
So I have here a Wikipedia page.
About sheep.
Bob Zuggal.
Got it.
And it's important here
because our company motto is,
you know, some people are sharks,
some people are sheep.
We want to be sheep.
What I'm going to do here is
create a new entry called Sheep,
a new page called Sheep.
And so I can just take a bunch
of text out of this page.
And I'll just copy that.
And then select all this
text and just paste in
The Wikipedia entry.
And it's possible Safari just froze.
Uh-oh.
[Transcript missing]
So perhaps we'll skip
that part of the demo.
I think we'll skip that part.
The idea is that all of the
information that you posted in
from Wikipedia would actually be
showing in there as well and look,
really have all,
retain a lot of the rich text,
as well as the image as well.
So let's move on from that snafu
and go talk a little bit about tags.
I see you guys are using tags in there.
Can you maybe give us a little
ideas about how you're using tags
with the content inside of Bazooka?
Sure.
Now the great thing about tags
is that in a lot of CMS systems
or a lot of other systems,
you're dealing with a folder structure.
And that's a hierarchy that's defined
by some surly IT person somewhere
or maybe one of the founders.
And so, you know, they decide what the
structure of your content is.
And the kind of sucky thing about
folders is that you can only
put something in one folder.
Whereas, you know,
when you're dealing with tags,
you can put things in as many buckets as
you want and anybody can tag stuff and
rearrange it and put in different things.
And so what I'm going to do
here is I'm going to go ahead
and click on my new bio entry.
bio entry.
And since this is a bio,
I know that there's already a bios tag.
You probably want to log in.
There you go.
And since this is a bio,
I know that there's already a bios tag.
You probably want to log in.
There you go.
So that will add me to the hot
list on the group home page.
And so to get into a little
bit about how this works then,
if I actually click
on this BIOS tag here,
this will do a search and show me
everything that's in the system
that has that BIOS tag on it.
And you can see all the tags
appear here on the right hand side.
And I can actually click more
tags to narrow down my search.
So I can look for just hot BIOS,
which is basically just me and about us.
And for example,
I could look for spicy BIOS.
Apparently Amanda's kind of spicy.
Maybe a little curious
as to what else is spicy.
Apparently there's a food
and spicy combination here.
And so I want to check this out,
review of Casa Sanchez.
That's a big burger.
So this is actually a blog entry.
And the question that
sometimes gets asked is why
do we have a blog and a Wiki?
Because they operate in
a pretty specific way.
They're both WYSIWYG.
They both have these sort of
entities that you can edit in
real time and stuff like that.
So what's the difference?
Well, the difference is that a blog
is better suited to content
that grows stale over time.
So when you're talking about
settings or when you're talking
about status or meeting notes,
news items,
things like that that matter less
after a week or two has gone by.
And so that's kind of the
purpose and that's what we
use blog for is food reviews,
news items, stuff like that.
And what I'm going to do here,
just because it looks cool and
it's really WYSI is I'm going to
remove the spicy tag from this.
From this page,
so all I have to do is take this
and just drag it off the tag bar.
It's gone.
Tagging and untagging
stuff is incredibly easy.
That encourages people
to tag more content.
When they do that,
it's easier to find stuff.
Let's go back to search and show
them how we're integrating our
tagging and text searching with RSS.
It's a great way to get to the
information from outside of teams.
As you know,
there's RSS support now in Leopard.
There's more RSS support.
There's support in Safari,
but there's also support in Mail.
It allows you to have a way to
get notified when something gets
tagged or anything like that.
Basically,
the way that this works is that
anything that is -- I don't
know what's going on here.
Anything that's taggable is an RSS feed.
This isn't good.
So I'll go ahead and just keep
talking to this and hopefully
it'll show up at some point.
Anything that you can tag,
anything that you can bring
up in the search results,
any combination of tags you
can bring up is an RSS feed.
And that's actually available in apps
like Safari and mail and stuff like that.
So I can see if anything
gets tagged as a bio,
if anything gets tagged in that manner.
So, one thing is, you know,
I already have this subscribed in mail.
Now, of course,
the downside to this is that
the server doesn't seem running.
It went to sleep.
That's what you get for putting a
server on a PowerBook or a MacBook.
At least it's not my problem.
Oh, there we go.
Excellent.
So we can see here, if I update this,
Hmm, okay, that's not really working.
Blame the Mail App team.
The theory being that if you
add the bio tag to something
new or you create something new,
you can actually see it in
Mail.App or in any other RSS client.
Hmm, okay, that's not really working.
Blame the Mail App team.
The theory being that if you
add the bio tag to something
new or you create something new,
you can actually see it in
Mail.App or in any other RSS client.
So we'll go ahead and click on calendar.
Of course I have to-- that's not good.
You try and do something
that makes me log in here.
I think you need to log in again.
I think I'll restart Safari.
Good idea.
This is why we aren't shipping yet.
OK.
And a login.
There we go.
Okay, one second.
Michael,
can you talk about Calendar a little bit?
Michael Hanna: Yeah,
so the difference here is, remember,
this is a group calendar, right?
When it's working.
This isn't the individual calendar,
this is the calendar that you're
actually sharing with the entire team.
So you'll see the events when they
hopefully show up here in a second.
You'll see that it has a lot
of the same functionality
that you expect out of iCal.
The ability to create events,
the ability to invite folks,
and the ability to also just see things
as they're happening in real time,
if we can actually get it going there.
Which we're going to try right now.
And we're not going to,
maybe we'll skip the calendar piece.
Is the server still asleep over there?
Did you restart the calendar server?
So while we're getting
the calendar together,
why don't we, so we talked a little bit
about Teams Directory as well.
So one of the other things,
the applications that we're
shipping along with this,
which I was hoping
will be working better,
is Teams Directory.
This is a Cocoa application.
And John,
if you could actually go ahead and
fire up Teams Directory and show
how we actually start creating
new groups inside of a Zoogle.
John Anderson: Okay.
So I actually want to create a new group.
As the new founder, I feel like we need a
viral marketing group.
And so I'm going to go ahead
and set one of those up.
And so you'd think it
would be fairly difficult,
even through work with group manager,
as great of an app as it is,
this is something that we
can hand off to anybody.
And oh, we've already got one.
So I'll just create a new
bazoogle viral marketing.
So I can just search for
some people and drag them in.
I'll add myself, of course.
And Michael, a few other people.
Bertrand.
And if I go into settings here,
there's this simple checkbox,
enable teams for this group.
So I can turn that on, hit save.
I'll try that again here.
So I'll turn on Teams for this group.
So now I can see the home page
just by clicking on the link here.
So there's our new home page.
Excellent.
Very simple.
So do we want to try calendaring
one more time or are we done?
Let's try it again.
Let's try it one more time.
OK, so back into calendaring.
It's really important to show this
because obviously we've built it
on top of iCal Server and we want
it to have a web-based front end.
So we'll go ahead and log in here.
[Transcript missing]
So you can see here,
this is our calendar for the week.
And I'm going to talk a little bit into
what constitutes a Teams calendar versus,
say, a personal calendar.
And this is stuff that pertains
to the team as a whole.
You can think of this as something
that anybody in the team can edit it,
and anybody in the team can look at it.
And you'll see here it
updates in real time.
So you see some meetings move
as other people on the team are
actually moving the event around.
And so that's all Ajax enabled.
And there you can see
the GM move back a day.
of course.
And so this is kind of like a combination
almost of a calendar and a wiki.
It's something that
anybody can go in and edit,
and they can add these events,
and anybody can take them out.
And as long as you have
access to the group,
you can do that sort of thing.
You're a GM party.
The GM is moving back day for day here.
So as long as we're slipping,
as long as our schedule is slipping,
I'm actually going to make a longer
World of Warcraft tournament.
I think an hour is a little bit short.
And so I'm going to make it cut into
my work day of another hour or so here.
And lengthen it by an hour.
So I've just changed that on the server.
Very, very simple.
No page refreshes, no settings,
anything like that.
I can just take those
items and move them around.
And for example,
if I mouse over any of these things,
I can see these tool tips
with information on the event,
where it is.
In this case, the GM party,
it doesn't have a location.
So you can see some of
those things going on.
And so the one thing I'm going to
do here is I'm actually going to--
I guess I'll move that another day.
So I guess, fine,
as long as the GM is slipping,
I probably should just get
rid of this tournament.
And so I showed-- just because
this is very demo-y and showy,
I'll go ahead and delete an event.
I'll just hit the Delete key here.
[Transcript missing]
You pushed it too far.
That would be why.
Okay.
Well, we'll skip that part.
You will be able to delete
events in the final product,
though.
Excellent.
So if we can go back to slides,
thank you very much, John, for the demo.
So John actually doesn't
work for Bazookal,
he works for me.
And he's one of our chief
engineers on the team site.
We kind of want to make
a little fun of Web 2.0.
But really the interesting thing
about this is we're actually
borrowing what I consider to be one
of the biggest memes out of Web 2.0,
which is that dynamic
interaction inside of web pages.
People are starting to expect
a little bit more of elegant
interaction in web pages,
and that's what we're
building into Teams.
So a little bit of the
ideas behind the product,
a little bit more of
what we're doing here.
Obviously it's the Wiki.
The first class citizen is the
Wiki that organizes everything.
Next to that is the web blog.
And then we've got the calendar.
And underneath it is a whole set of
services that work with everything.
So you've got tags, you've got RSS,
you've got search,
and then you've got the directory,
which is obviously open directory to give
you secure access to users and groups.
As I go and talk a little bit
more about these features,
as opposed to how I pitched
this earlier this week,
I want to talk a little bit about
why we built these features.
Because the reason we
built these is we see,
the reason we built Teams is we saw
a lot of how Apple was developing
software and how we were communicating.
We saw problems there and Teams really
came as a direct response to that.
Opportunities, not problems.
So, let's talk about a couple
of the key features.
Directory.
You saw Teams directory,
it's a Cocoa application.
What I've found in the server land,
when people have directories,
is they usually have homegrown
their own version of it.
They usually have a web-based
version or they've done their own.
And as we started to develop
iCal Server and Teams,
we realized we needed to have an
application which served a purpose of
serving that user I was talking about,
that admin user who was sitting there
and managing the infrastructure.
And also we wanted it to be just
an elegant application because
you're going to be in here and
you use this application a lot
because you're dealing with people.
So, that's what we did with,
that's what we did with Teams directory.
Just some screenshots here.
Obviously, it gives you access to the
people in your organization.
And I think this is the primary
use case for Teams Directory,
is going in and finding someone.
But it's not just the information,
it's also where they are.
We made it really easy to attach
maps to this app inside of here,
so you can go and find that
person as well as where they sit.
In addition to people,
we also are searching groups, teams.
We're also searching locations,
we're also searching resources as well.
And it's spunky, it's really fast.
You go in there, you're in, you're out,
because we know that's
the primary use case.
As you saw, also, it's a means for
creating different teams,
team sites.
It's group management.
The nice thing about this,
the thing I think is really important,
is that you don't need an
admin to create all this stuff.
This is the -- we're empowering
the individual user to actually
go and create these groups.
And the website, the team site,
is actually provisioned on the fly.
There's no one changing
permissions anywhere.
It's all done behind the scenes.
And obviously,
you can also add other people into it,
as John was demonstrating.
And again, and this is kind of funny,
this is where we actually
started with Teams Directory,
is we have these other resources
that we need to deal with,
projectors.
You want to invite a
projector to a meeting.
You need that for a calendar server.
So this is actually
where we started with it.
So other resources are in here,
whether it's a projector or a room.
And like I said,
you can also easily add a
easily add maps to it as well.
So that was Teams directory.
Here's the big one, Wiki.
So why did we decide to build this Wiki?
And the thing was, was at Apple,
Wikis were just appearing everywhere.
There was no corporate mandate
to actually start using Wikis.
They were just kept on showing up.
So why is that?
You can say maybe it's engineers
wanting to be efficient,
but I would argue that it's people
just wanting to be able to collaborate.
They want to be able to
share their information.
So we saw that as,
we saw Wiki as sort of the organizing
principle around a lot of Teams,
the technology there.
Wikis are accessible.
They are via the browser,
and everyone's got a browser.
Maybe you're looking at one right now.
We want to encourage
people to collaborate.
And the reason we made it WYSIWYG is
we want to make the bar extremely
low for actually adding new content.
We want everybody to contribute,
because we know that the more
people that contribute to content,
the more valuable it becomes.
So we want everyone in there adding
their own opinion and editing stuff.
Really the goal is to create
a whole which is greater
than the sum of the parts.
And again, WYSIWYG really gets us that.
We love Wikipedia.
Wikipedia is great.
I use it 10 times a day and I'm
always finding out information.
I'm shocked how much time people
are spending of their own time to
maintain this and make it look great.
There's a problem with Wikipedia though.
[Transcript missing]
This is my favorite feature about wikis.
And I'm an engineer, so I'm a nerd.
So it's really that wikis
are under version control.
Standard feature in all wikis,
they never forget anything
that you actually submit.
Every single change is there.
Who did it because they logged in,
what they did, when they did it,
and really the most
important thing in my mind,
and this is sort of a
change for a lot of people,
is why they did it.
You saw as John was adding content,
he was dutifully putting in comments.
Those comments are kind
of an afterthought,
but when you're in an
organization with a lot of people,
those comments are the
context for the change.
In Wikipedia,
I always go and read when there's news
pages that are updating with a hot story,
I go look at the changes because
that's really interesting too.
So that's why we like the context,
and that's why we really
feature that comment.
Right up there when you
click on the done button,
we want you to put a comment in
there so you can share what you
changed with the people that you're
sharing your information with.
So weblog, weblog's technically not that
different under the hood to us.
When you think about the difference
between a weblog page and a wiki
page really isn't that interesting.
What's different is the social
conventions around weblogs.
Weblogs are obviously organized by
time with the most recent post on top.
They tend to be shorter
entries or sometimes not.
They tend to be information that you
push and forget and it gets stale.
That's okay.
And there's a lot of,
at Apple there's a lot of people
who use it for status reports.
I want to go there,
I want to look at what's
going on most recently,
right?
So that's why we have weblog as
a first class citizen inside of
Teams is we think people are going
to use it in different ways than
they're going to use the wiki pages.
My other favorite feature.
Tags.
There's not really a good-- really this
came out of looking at a lot of the
web applications out there that a lot
of engineers and everybody are using,
like Delicious, like Flickr,
and realizing that it's a great way
for people to organize information.
We made tags, as you saw in the demo,
a first class citizen.
It's one of these things again
about pushing the responsibility
for the content back to the people
that are putting it in there.
We want the people who own the content
to be tagging their information,
to be figuring out different
ways to slice and dice it,
and we don't know what
you're going to do with this,
but we're dying to see what happens.
For us, some of the ideas we think
about are like Primal Workflow.
You see the to review tag up there?
That's my tag that I use on content
that I want to look at later,
right?
So you can start to see that you start
to put interactions associated with tags.
Remember also that wikis are flat.
There's no file hierarchy in wikis.
It's a completely flat name space.
The other thing that wikis do,
I mean tags do,
is allow you to kind of give a hierarchy
to it and also organize organically
the structure of your content.
And then, as you saw,
we also have the hot tag.
The hot tag, which was inside,
I think we did in the demo, it actually,
what it does is it actually pushes
the information up to the front page.
So that's kind of a magic tag.
And my guess is, as we go out,
as you guys start to use it,
as we continue to develop it,
there's going to be other magic
tags that we're going to do to give
you more flexibility within Teams.
Calendar, again as I mentioned,
it's a group calendar, right?
This is where you put the milestones.
This is where you put all
the other information about,
you want to share with the group.
Obviously,
we're just getting started with this,
but we really want this to be a
world-class web-based calendaring client.
And then we have RSS.
You can't have a Web 2.0
application without RSS,
obviously.
What it allows us to do,
as you saw in the demo,
was allow you to share this
information that you have in
Teams that's constantly building up,
and you've got all this
different stuff in there,
and share it with other applications,
whether it's Mail, whether it's Safari,
Newswire, whatever.
But what it allows you to
do is make your RSS reader.
Because you're not sitting
in Teams all the time,
surfing it and seeing what's changed.
What you're doing is you're going
and you're defining a search,
or any type of search,
to kind of map the stuff
out that you really,
really care about.
So we think that any sort of news reader,
but also Mail RSS is a great
place to actually go and do that.
Any search that you can
build inside of Teams,
you can export as RSS.
Also, obviously, with web logs,
you can do RSS RSS as well.
Search, I really hope you got tons
of information eventually.
There's a huge amount of
content inside of Teams.
Like I said, we want everyone to
be able to contribute.
So search is really
designed to be simple,
so that people can go and slice
and dice it in different ways.
Obviously with tags,
you can mix and match tags
to get an information.
You can filter.
You can sort and do everything
that you need to do there.
And text-based searching
is exactly what you expect.
It searches all the text
in Teams and gives you the
results that you saw a demo.
So I'm going to finish
up with where I started.
The question was, how do you work?
And again, as I said at the beginning,
Teams is something brand new.
I think of Teams as a set of tools.
We're not trying to tell
you how to do your work.
What we want to do is give
you tools to build cool stuff,
to build things that you can
use inside the organization.
What we're interested in this seed
is to get a lot of feedback from you,
because what we want to know is how
are you going to work with this?
What else do you need?